Welcome back.
In this video we're going to introduce a new feature that is coming to javascript's soon.
The object rest and spread property we previously saw that yes 2015 provided the rest and spread operator
for arrays.
The rest operator was used as a parameter to functions and gathered the remaining arguments as an array.
The spread operator was useful for spreading out values in an array as comma separated dogs.
So how do these operators work with objects the object rest operator is useful for gathering the remaining
or rest of the keys and values in an object and creating a new one out of them.
We can see here that we have an object called instructor if we want to create a variable called first
which is the string L.E. and a variable called last which is the string Shopkick.
How can we collect the remaining keys and values and put them in an Object object rest to the rescue.
Notice here destructuring the instructor object and for the remaining keys and values we place the rest
of them in an object called data.
How about the object spread operator.
We can use this operator to spread out keys and values from one object to another.
Let's see what this looks like.
Here we have two variables instructor and instructor to instructor to will accept all of the keys and
values of instructor and overwrite the first and last keys with 10 and Garcia.
You might be thinking we've seen something like this a method that creates copies of objects and accepts
a list of objects that was the 2015 object assigned method objects Pretis similar and is a more concise
way to create copies of other objects without a reference and with default values you can see below.
We're creating an object called defaults and then spreading all of the keys and values to the map and
call objects.
You'll see the object spread operator quite a bit with react and redux.
So it's important to understand how it works before you finish the section.
Let's recap what we've learned so far.
We've seen that yes 2016 provides the exponentiation operator with two asterisks an array that includes
to easily see if a value is in an array.
We then examined what the async and await keywords in 2017 enable us to do and how we can use async
and wait to write synchronous looking functions that under the hood are asynchronous.
We then saw that we can combine async functions with promised not all to create readable synchronous
looking code when dealing with multiple promises.
We took a look at some helpful 20:17 methods including pad start to tab end and examined why those might
be very useful.
Finally we took a look at the object and rest spread operators which are upcoming features to the language.
Congratulations you've just learned a great deal of modern javascript.
As always if you have any questions on the material be sure to ask.
We're here to help keep up the good work and we'll see you in the next section.